Vivado/src/constraints/README.md, before:

Vivado Constraint files
=======================

### Supported Series-7 Evaluation boards and connectors

The Ethernet FMC can be used on both low-pin-count (LPC) and high-pin-count (HPC) FMC connectors. Some of the
Xilinx Series-7 Evaluation boards have multiple FMC connectors, so be sure to use the constraint file that is
appropriate for the connector you want to use. 

* Artix-7 [AC701 Evaluation board](http://www.xilinx.com/products/boards-and-kits/ek-a7-ac701-g.html "AC701 Evaluation board")
  * HPC connector (use ac701.xdc)
* Kintex-7 [KC705 Evaluation board](http://www.xilinx.com/products/boards-and-kits/ek-k7-kc705-g.html "KC705 Evaluation board")
  * LPC connector (use kc705-lpc.xdc)
  * HPC connector (use kc705-hpc.xdc)
* Virtex-7 [VC707 Evaluation board](http://www.xilinx.com/products/boards-and-kits/ek-v7-vc707-g.html "VC707 Evaluation board")
  * HPC connector 1 (use vc707-hpc1.xdc)
  * HPC connector 2 (use vc707-hpc2.xdc)
* Virtex-7 [VC709 Evaluation board](http://www.xilinx.com/products/boards-and-kits/dk-v7-vc709-g.html "VC709 Evaluation board")
  * HPC connector (use vc709.xdc)
* Zynq-7000 [ZC702 Evaluation board](http://www.xilinx.com/products/boards-and-kits/ek-z7-zc702-g.html "ZC702 Evaluation board")
  * LPC connector 1 (use zc702-lpc1.xdc)
  * LPC connector 2 (use zc702-lpc2.xdc)
* Zynq-7000 [ZC706 Evaluation board](http://www.xilinx.com/products/boards-and-kits/ek-z7-zc706-g.html "ZC706 Evaluation board") (LPC only)
  * LPC connector (use zc706-lpc.xdc)

### Not-supported

* Zynq-7000 [ZC706 Evaluation board](http://www.xilinx.com/products/boards-and-kits/ek-z7-zc706-g.html "ZC706 Evaluation board") (HPC)
  * HPC connector: Pins LA18_CC and LA17_CC of the HPC connector are routed to non-clock-capable pins so they cannot
  properly receive the RGMII receive clocks for ports 2 and 3 of the Ethernet FMC. The constraints file zc706-hpc.xdc is
  provided for reference, however it will not pass compilation with the Xilinx tools due to this problem.

### Virtex-7 VC707 & VC709 Board Warning

Please be aware that the VC707 and VC709 boards can only support the 1.8V version Ethernet FMC. The devices
on these boards have only HP (high-performance) I/Os which do not support the 2.5V levels required by the standard
Ethernet FMC.

### Using two Ethernet FMCs on a single board

If you want to use two Ethernet FMCs on the same board, you must combine the two constraint files for the board you are using.
You will also have to rename the second set of net names so that they do not override the first set of constraints.


Jeff Johnson
[FPGA Developer](http://www.fpgadeveloper.com "FPGA Developer")

Commit message:

updated info on 8-port support

Vivado/src/constraints/README.md, after:

Vivado Constraint files
=======================

### Supported Series-7 Evaluation boards and connectors

The Ethernet FMC can be used on both low-pin-count (LPC) and high-pin-count (HPC) FMC connectors. Some of the
Xilinx Series-7 Evaluation boards have multiple FMC connectors, so be sure to use the constraint file that is
appropriate for the connector you want to use. 

* Artix-7 [AC701 Evaluation board](http://www.xilinx.com/products/boards-and-kits/ek-a7-ac701-g.html "AC701 Evaluation board")
  * HPC connector (use ac701.xdc)
* Kintex-7 [KC705 Evaluation board](http://www.xilinx.com/products/boards-and-kits/ek-k7-kc705-g.html "KC705 Evaluation board")
  * LPC connector (use kc705-lpc.xdc)
  * HPC connector (use kc705-hpc.xdc)
* Virtex-7 [VC707 Evaluation board](http://www.xilinx.com/products/boards-and-kits/ek-v7-vc707-g.html "VC707 Evaluation board")
  * HPC connector 1 (use vc707-hpc1.xdc)
  * HPC connector 2 (use vc707-hpc2.xdc)
* Virtex-7 [VC709 Evaluation board](http://www.xilinx.com/products/boards-and-kits/dk-v7-vc709-g.html "VC709 Evaluation board")
  * HPC connector (use vc709.xdc)
* Zynq-7000 [ZC702 Evaluation board](http://www.xilinx.com/products/boards-and-kits/ek-z7-zc702-g.html "ZC702 Evaluation board")
  * LPC connector 1 (use zc702-lpc1.xdc)
  * LPC connector 2 (use zc702-lpc2.xdc)
* Zynq-7000 [ZC706 Evaluation board](http://www.xilinx.com/products/boards-and-kits/ek-z7-zc706-g.html "ZC706 Evaluation board") (LPC only)
  * LPC connector (use zc706-lpc.xdc)

### Not-supported

* Zynq-7000 [ZC706 Evaluation board](http://www.xilinx.com/products/boards-and-kits/ek-z7-zc706-g.html "ZC706 Evaluation board") (HPC)
  * HPC connector: Pins LA18_CC and LA17_CC of the HPC connector are routed to non-clock-capable pins so they cannot
  properly receive the RGMII receive clocks for ports 2 and 3 of the Ethernet FMC. The constraints file zc706-hpc.xdc is
  provided for reference, however it will not pass compilation with the Xilinx tools due to this problem.

### Virtex-7 VC707 & VC709 Board Warning

Please be aware that the VC707 and VC709 boards can only support the 1.8V version Ethernet FMC. The devices
on these boards have only HP (high-performance) I/Os which do not support the 2.5V levels required by the standard
Ethernet FMC.

### Using two Ethernet FMCs on a single board

The only Series-7 Evaluation boards that can support two Ethernet FMCs simultaneously are the 
[KC705](http://www.xilinx.com/products/boards-and-kits/ek-k7-kc705-g.html "KC705 Evaluation board") and [VC707](http://www.xilinx.com/products/boards-and-kits/ek-v7-vc707-g.html "VC707 Evaluation board").
These notes provide more details on 8-port support:

* The KC705 and VC707 each have two FMC connectors that support the Ethernet FMC (use kc705-lpc-hpc.xdc and vc707-hpc2-hpc1.xdc respectively).
* The ZC702 has two FMC connectors that can support the Ethernet FMC, however the Zynq device on this board does not have sufficient FPGA resources
to support 8 x Xilinx AXI Ethernet IPs setup with DMA. If you want to use a MAC that requires less resources, it is possible that the ZC702 will
work for you, in this case please refer to zc702-lpc2-lpc1.xdc.
* The ZC706 has two FMC connectors, but only one (the LPC) can support the Ethernet FMC (see detail below).

### For more information

If you need more information on whether the Ethernet FMC is compatible with your carrier, please contact me [here](http://ethernetfmc.com/contact/ "Ethernet FMC Contact form").
Just provide me with the pinout of your carrier and I'll be happy to check compatibility and generate a Vivado constraints file for you.


Jeff Johnson
[FPGA Developer](http://www.fpgadeveloper.com "FPGA Developer")
