Vitis/README.md, before:

Vitis Project files
===================

### Important patch for Vitis 2019.2

To use the build script in this directory, you must first apply the following patch
to your Vitis installation:

https://www.xilinx.com/support/answers/73252.html

### How to build the Vitis workspace

In order to make use of these source files, you must first generate
the Vivado project hardware design (the bitstream) and export the hardware.
Check the `Vivado` folder for instructions on doing this from Vivado.

Once the bitstream is generated and exported, then you can build the
Vitis workspace using the provided `build-vitis.tcl` script.

### Scripted build

The Vitis directory contains a `build-vitis.tcl` script which can be run to automatically
generate the Vitis workspace. Windows users can run the `build-vitis.bat` file which
launches the Tcl script. Linux users must use the following commands to run the build
script:
```
cd <path-to-repo>/Vitis
/<path-to-xilinx-tools>/Vitis/2019.2/bin/xsct build-vitis.tcl
```

The build script does three things:

1. Prepares a local Vitis repository containing a modified version of lwIP library,
required by the echo server example application.
2. Adds the ../EmbeddedSw directory as a local Vitis repository.
3. Generates a lwIP Echo Server example application for each exported Vivado design
that is found in the ../Vivado directory. Most users will only have one exported
Vivado design.

### Run the application

1. Open Xilinx Vitis.
2. Power up your hardware platform and ensure that the JTAG is
connected properly.
3. Select Xilinx Tools->Program FPGA. You only have to do this
once, each time you power up your hardware platform.
4. Click Run from the toolbar to run your application. You can modify the code
and click Run as many times as you like, without going through
the other steps.

### How to change the Ethernet port targetted by the application

The echo server example design currently can only target one Ethernet port at a time.
Selection of the Ethernet port can be changed by modifying the defines contained in the
`platform_config.h` file in the application sources. Set `PLATFORM_EMAC_BASEADDR`
to one of the following values:

* Ethernet FMC Port 0: `XPAR_AXIETHERNET_0_BASEADDR`
* Ethernet FMC Port 1: `XPAR_AXIETHERNET_1_BASEADDR`
* Ethernet FMC Port 2: `XPAR_AXIETHERNET_2_BASEADDR`
* Ethernet FMC Port 3: `XPAR_AXIETHERNET_3_BASEADDR`

Commit message:

* updated vitis JTAG boot instructions in README

Vitis/README.md, after:

Vitis Project files
===================

### Important patch for Vitis 2019.2

To use the build script in this directory, you must first apply the following patch
to your Vitis installation:

https://www.xilinx.com/support/answers/73252.html

### How to build the Vitis workspace

In order to make use of these source files, you must first generate
the Vivado project hardware design (the bitstream) and export the hardware.
Check the `Vivado` folder for instructions on doing this from Vivado.

Once the bitstream is generated and exported, then you can build the
Vitis workspace using the provided `build-vitis.tcl` script.

### Scripted build

The Vitis directory contains a `build-vitis.tcl` script which can be run to automatically
generate the Vitis workspace. Windows users can run the `build-vitis.bat` file which
launches the Tcl script. Linux users must use the following commands to run the build
script:
```
cd <path-to-repo>/Vitis
/<path-to-xilinx-tools>/Vitis/2019.2/bin/xsct build-vitis.tcl
```

The build script does three things:

1. Prepares a local Vitis repository containing a modified version of lwIP library,
required by the echo server example application.
2. Adds the ../EmbeddedSw directory as a local Vitis repository.
3. Generates a lwIP Echo Server example application for each exported Vivado design
that is found in the ../Vivado directory. Most users will only have one exported
Vivado design.

### Run the application

1. Open Xilinx Vitis.
2. Power up your hardware platform and ensure that the JTAG is
connected properly.
3. In the Vitis Explorer panel, double-click on the System project that you want to run -
this will reveal the applications contained in the project. The System project will have 
the postfix "_system".
4. Now click on the application that you want to run. It should have the postfix "_echo_server".
5. Select the option "Run Configurations" from the drop-down menu contained under the Run
button on the toolbar (play symbol).
6. Double-click on "Single Application Debug" to create a run configuration for this 
application. Then click "Run".

The run configuration will first program the FPGA with the bitstream, then load and run the 
application. You can view the UART output of the application in a console window.

### UART settings

To receive the UART output of this standalone application, you will need to connect the
USB-UART of the development board to your PC and run a console program such as 
[Putty](https://www.putty.org "Putty"). The follow UART settings must be used:

* Microblaze designs: 9600 baud
* Zynq and ZynqMP designs: 115200 baud

### How to change the Ethernet port targetted by the application

The echo server example design currently can only target one Ethernet port at a time.
Selection of the Ethernet port can be changed by modifying the defines contained in the
`platform_config.h` file in the application sources. Set `PLATFORM_EMAC_BASEADDR`
to one of the following values:

* Ethernet FMC Port 0: `XPAR_AXIETHERNET_0_BASEADDR`
* Ethernet FMC Port 1: `XPAR_AXIETHERNET_1_BASEADDR`
* Ethernet FMC Port 2: `XPAR_AXIETHERNET_2_BASEADDR`
* Ethernet FMC Port 3: `XPAR_AXIETHERNET_3_BASEADDR`
