PetaLinux/README.md, before:

PetaLinux Project source files
==============================

### How to build the PetaLinux projects

In order to make use of these source files, you must:

1. First generate the Vivado project hardware design(s) (the bitstream) and export the design(s) to SDK.
2. Launch PetaLinux by sourcing the `settings.sh` bash script, eg: `source <path-to-installed-petalinux>/settings.sh`
3. Build the PetaLinux project(s) by executing the `build-petalinux` script in Linux.

The script will generate a separate PetaLinux project for all of the generated and exported Vivado projects that
it finds in the Vivado directory of this repo.

### How the script works

The PetaLinux directory contains a `build-petalinux` shell script which can be run in Linux to automatically
generate a PetaLinux project for each of the generated/exported Vivado projects in the Vivado directory.

When executed, the build script searches the Vivado directory for all projects containing `*.sdk` sub-directories.
This locates all projects that have been exported to SDK. Then for every exported project, the script
does the following:

1. Verifies that the `.hdf` and the `.bit` files exist.
2. Determines the CPU type: Zynq or ZynqMP. It currently does this
by looking at the first 3 letters of the project name.
3. Creates a PetaLinux project, referencing the exported hardware design (.hdf).
4. Copies the relevant configuration files from the `src` directory into the created
PetaLinux project.
5. Builds the PetaLinux project.
6. Generates a BOOT.bin and image.ub file for the Zynq and ZynqMP projects.

### Launch PetaLinux on hardware

#### Via JTAG

To launch the PetaLinux project on hardware via JTAG, connect and power up your hardware and then
use the following commands in a Linux command terminal:

1. Change current directory to the PetaLinux project directory:
`cd <petalinux-project-dir>`
2. Download bitstream to the FPGA:
`petalinux-boot --jtag --fpga`
Note that you don't have to specify the bitstream because this command will use the one that it finds
in the `./images/linux` directory.
3. Download the PetaLinux kernel to the FPGA:
`petalinux-boot --jtag --kernel`

#### Via SD card (Zynq)

To launch the PetaLinux project on hardware via SD card, copy the following files to the root of the
SD card:

* `/<petalinux-project>/images/linux/BOOT.bin`
* `/<petalinux-project>/images/linux/image.ub`

Then connect and power your hardware.

### Configuration files

The configuration files contained in the `src` directory include:

* Device tree
* Rootfs configuration (to include ethtool)
* Interface initializations (sets eth0-3 interfaces to DHCP)
* Kernel configuration
* AXI Ethernet driver patch

#### AXI Ethernet driver patch

The AXI Ethernet driver requires a patch for the correct configuration of the RGMII interface's 
RX and TX clock skews.

https://github.com/Xilinx/linux-xlnx/blob/master/drivers/net/ethernet/xilinx/xilinx_axienet_main.c

```		} else if (lp->phy_type == XAE_PHY_TYPE_RGMII_2_0) {
			phydev = of_phy_connect(lp->ndev, lp->phy_node,
						axienet_adjust_link, 0,
						PHY_INTERFACE_MODE_RGMII_ID);
```

The section of the code shown above specifies `PHY_INTERFACE_MODE_RGMII_ID` as the RGMII interface
mode (aka "rgmii-id"). That interface mode enables both the RX and TX clock delays in the PHY but in 
fact we need to enable only the RX delay 
(see http://ethernetfmc.com/rgmii-interface-timing-considerations/ for more information).

Our device tree specifies the correct RGMII configuration with the phy-mode setting ("rgmii-rxid"),
and we have access to this setting via the `lp->phy_interface` variable. So to correct the issue, we
replace the above code with the following:

```		} else if (lp->phy_type == XAE_PHY_TYPE_RGMII_2_0) {
			phydev = of_phy_connect(lp->ndev, lp->phy_node,
						axienet_adjust_link, 0,
						lp->phy_interface);
```

The included patch handles this modification - you do not need to manually modify any code.

### Port configurations

#### AC701, KC705, KCU105, VC707, VC709

* eth0: Ethernet FMC Port 0
* eth1: Ethernet FMC Port 1
* eth2: Ethernet FMC Port 2
* eth3: Ethernet FMC Port 3

#### MicroZed, PicoZed, ZC702, ZC706, ZCU102, ZedBoard

* eth0: GEM0 to Ethernet port of the dev board
* eth1: Ethernet FMC Port 0
* eth2: Ethernet FMC Port 1
* eth3: Ethernet FMC Port 2
* eth4: Ethernet FMC Port 3

#### VC707 Dual design

* eth0: HPC2 Ethernet FMC Port 0 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth1: HPC2 Ethernet FMC Port 1 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth2: HPC2 Ethernet FMC Port 2 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth3: HPC2 Ethernet FMC Port 3 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth4: HPC1 Ethernet FMC Port 0 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth5: HPC1 Ethernet FMC Port 1 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth6: HPC1 Ethernet FMC Port 2 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth7: HPC1 Ethernet FMC Port 3 (AXI Ethernet)

#### ZC702 Dual design

* eth0: Ethernet port of the dev board (GEM0)
* eth1: LPC2 Ethernet FMC Port 0 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth2: LPC2 Ethernet FMC Port 1 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth3: LPC2 Ethernet FMC Port 2 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth4: LPC2 Ethernet FMC Port 3 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth5: LPC1 Ethernet FMC Port 0 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth6: LPC1 Ethernet FMC Port 1 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth7: LPC1 Ethernet FMC Port 2 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth8: LPC1 Ethernet FMC Port 3 (AXI Ethernet)

Commit message:

updated for Vivado 2017.3 added axi ethernet driver to local embeddedsw - to correct the bug with designs using axi fifo instead of axi dma removed microblaze rootfs_config since ethtool is not available for microblaze removed vcu108 hpc1 design - timing difficult to close removed vcu118-es1 design - timing difficult to close petalinux build script now calls petalinux-config after transferring config files petalinux axi ethernet driver patch updated added note to README concerning Vivado 2017.3 patch when using TEMAC hardware eval license added axi quad spi to KCU105 designs (for PetaLinux)

PetaLinux/README.md, after:

PetaLinux Project source files
==============================

### How to build the PetaLinux projects

#### Requirements

* Windows or Linux PC with Vivado installed
* Linux PC or virtual machine with PetaLinux installed

#### Instructions

In order to make use of these source files, you must:

1. First generate the Vivado project hardware design(s) (the bitstream) and export the design(s) to SDK.
2. Launch PetaLinux by sourcing the `settings.sh` bash script, eg: `source <path-to-installed-petalinux>/settings.sh`
3. Build the PetaLinux project(s) by executing the `build-petalinux` script in Linux.

The script will generate a separate PetaLinux project for all of the generated and exported Vivado projects that
it finds in the Vivado directory of this repo.

### UNIX line endings

The scripts and files in the PetaLinux directory of this repository must have UNIX line endings when they are
executed or used under Linux. The best way to ensure UNIX line endings, is to clone the repo directly onto your
Linux machine. If instead you have copied the repo from a Windows machine, the files will have DOS line endings and
you must use the `dos2unix` tool to convert the line endings for UNIX.

### How the script works

The PetaLinux directory contains a `build-petalinux` shell script which can be run in Linux to automatically
generate a PetaLinux project for each of the generated/exported Vivado projects in the Vivado directory.

When executed, the build script searches the Vivado directory for all projects containing `*.sdk` sub-directories.
This locates all projects that have been exported to SDK. Then for every exported project, the script
does the following:

1. Verifies that the `.hdf` and the `.bit` files exist.
2. Determines the CPU type: Zynq or ZynqMP. It currently does this
by looking at the first 3 letters of the project name.
3. Creates a PetaLinux project, referencing the exported hardware design (.hdf).
4. Copies the relevant configuration files from the `src` directory into the created
PetaLinux project.
5. Builds the PetaLinux project.
6. Generates a BOOT.bin and image.ub file for the Zynq and ZynqMP projects.

### Launch PetaLinux on hardware

#### Via JTAG

To launch the PetaLinux project on hardware via JTAG, connect and power up your hardware and then
use the following commands in a Linux command terminal:

1. Change current directory to the PetaLinux project directory:
`cd <petalinux-project-dir>`
2. Download bitstream to the FPGA:
`petalinux-boot --jtag --fpga`
Note that you don't have to specify the bitstream because this command will use the one that it finds
in the `./images/linux` directory.
3. Download the PetaLinux kernel to the FPGA:
`petalinux-boot --jtag --kernel`

#### Via SD card (Zynq)

To launch the PetaLinux project on hardware via SD card, copy the following files to the root of the
SD card:

* `/<petalinux-project>/images/linux/BOOT.bin`
* `/<petalinux-project>/images/linux/image.ub`

Then connect and power your hardware.

### Configuration files

The configuration files contained in the `src` directory include:

* Device tree
* Rootfs configuration (to include ethtool)
* Interface initializations (sets eth0-3 interfaces to DHCP)
* Kernel configuration
* AXI Ethernet driver patch

#### AXI Ethernet driver patch

The AXI Ethernet driver requires a patch for the correct configuration of the RGMII interface's 
RX and TX clock skews.

https://github.com/Xilinx/linux-xlnx/blob/master/drivers/net/ethernet/xilinx/xilinx_axienet_main.c

```		} else if (lp->phy_type == XAE_PHY_TYPE_RGMII_2_0) {
			phydev = of_phy_connect(lp->ndev, lp->phy_node,
						axienet_adjust_link, 0,
						PHY_INTERFACE_MODE_RGMII_ID);
```

The section of the code shown above specifies `PHY_INTERFACE_MODE_RGMII_ID` as the RGMII interface
mode (aka "rgmii-id"). That interface mode enables both the RX and TX clock delays in the PHY but in 
fact we need to enable only the RX delay 
(see http://ethernetfmc.com/rgmii-interface-timing-considerations/ for more information).

Our device tree specifies the correct RGMII configuration with the phy-mode setting ("rgmii-rxid"),
and we have access to this setting via the `lp->phy_interface` variable. So to correct the issue, we
replace the above code with the following:

```		} else if (lp->phy_type == XAE_PHY_TYPE_RGMII_2_0) {
			phydev = of_phy_connect(lp->ndev, lp->phy_node,
						axienet_adjust_link, 0,
						lp->phy_interface);
```

The included patch handles this modification - you do not need to manually modify any code.

### Port configurations

#### AC701, KC705, KCU105, VC707, VC709

* eth0: Ethernet FMC Port 0
* eth1: Ethernet FMC Port 1
* eth2: Ethernet FMC Port 2
* eth3: Ethernet FMC Port 3

#### MicroZed, PicoZed, ZC702, ZC706, ZCU102, ZedBoard

* eth0: GEM0 to Ethernet port of the dev board
* eth1: Ethernet FMC Port 0
* eth2: Ethernet FMC Port 1
* eth3: Ethernet FMC Port 2
* eth4: Ethernet FMC Port 3

#### VC707 Dual design

* eth0: HPC2 Ethernet FMC Port 0 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth1: HPC2 Ethernet FMC Port 1 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth2: HPC2 Ethernet FMC Port 2 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth3: HPC2 Ethernet FMC Port 3 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth4: HPC1 Ethernet FMC Port 0 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth5: HPC1 Ethernet FMC Port 1 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth6: HPC1 Ethernet FMC Port 2 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth7: HPC1 Ethernet FMC Port 3 (AXI Ethernet)

#### ZC702 Dual design

* eth0: Ethernet port of the dev board (GEM0)
* eth1: LPC2 Ethernet FMC Port 0 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth2: LPC2 Ethernet FMC Port 1 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth3: LPC2 Ethernet FMC Port 2 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth4: LPC2 Ethernet FMC Port 3 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth5: LPC1 Ethernet FMC Port 0 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth6: LPC1 Ethernet FMC Port 1 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth7: LPC1 Ethernet FMC Port 2 (AXI Ethernet)
* eth8: LPC1 Ethernet FMC Port 3 (AXI Ethernet)
