SDK/README.md, before:

SDK Project files
=================

How to make use of these files
------------------------------

In order to make use of these source files, you must first generate
the Vivado project hardware design (the bitstream) and export the design
to SDK. Check the Vivado folder for instructions on doing this from Vivado.

Once the bitstream is generated and exported to SDK, then use the "Launch
SDK" option from Vivado, and select this folder (SDK) as the workspace
folder. By using this option, the hardware platform will be automatically
created in the SDK workspace and you wont have to do it yourself.

Import the application and BSP
------------------------------

1. Select File->Import.
2. In the Import window, select General->Existing projects into
workspace. Click Next.
3. Click Browse, and select this folder (the folder where this
readme file is located).
4. Ensure that both the application and BSP are ticked, then click
Finish.

Build your application
----------------------

You might have to right click on the BSP and use the Rebuild
BSP Libraries option.

Before trying to run your code, wait a while for SDK to build the
application. It should be automatic, but if it doesn't start by
itself, you can always select Project->Build All. It can sometimes
take a while, check the progress at the bottom right corner of the
SDK window.

Run the application
-------------------

1. Power up your hardware platform and ensure that the JTAG is
connected properly.
2. Select Xilinx Tools->Program FPGA. You only have to do this
once, each time you power up your hardware platform.
3. Select Run->Run to run your application. You can modify the code
and click Run as many times as you like, without going through
the other steps.


Jeff Johnson
http://www.fpgadeveloper.com

Commit message:

updated for Vivado 2016.3 added lwIP modifications as a local SDK repo (EmbeddedSw directory)

SDK/README.md, after:

SDK Project files
=================

### How to build the SDK workspace

In order to make use of these source files, you must first generate
the Vivado project hardware design (the bitstream) and export the design
to SDK. Check the `Vivado` folder for instructions on doing this from Vivado.

Once the bitstream is generated and exported to SDK, then you can build the
SDK workspace using the provided `build-sdk.tcl` script.

### Scripted build

The SDK directory contains a `build-sdk.tcl` script which can be run to automatically
generate the SDK workspace. Windows users can run the `build-sdk.bat` file which
launches the Tcl script.

The build script does three things:
1. Prepares a local SDK repository containing a modified version of lwIP library,
required by the echo server example application.
2. Adds the ../EmbeddedSw directory as a local SDK repository.
3. Generates a lwIP Echo Server example application for each exported Vivado design
that is found in the ../Vivado directory. Most users will only have one exported
Vivado design.

### Run the application

1. Open Xilinx SDK.
2. Power up your hardware platform and ensure that the JTAG is
connected properly.
3. Select Xilinx Tools->Program FPGA. You only have to do this
once, each time you power up your hardware platform.
4. Select Run->Run to run your application. You can modify the code
and click Run as many times as you like, without going through
the other steps.

### How to change the Ethernet port targetted by the application

The echo server example design currently can only target one Ethernet port at a time.
Selection of the Ethernet port can be changed by modifying the defines contained in the
`platform_config.h` file in the application sources. Set `PLATFORM_EMAC_BASEADDR`
to one of the following values:

* Ethernet FMC Port 0: `XPAR_AXIETHERNET_0_BASEADDR`
* Ethernet FMC Port 1: `XPAR_AXIETHERNET_1_BASEADDR`
* Ethernet FMC Port 2: `XPAR_AXIETHERNET_2_BASEADDR`
* Ethernet FMC Port 3: `XPAR_AXIETHERNET_3_BASEADDR`
